# Astrohub applications

This repository contains the sources for application hubs (singleuser
docker images) for the
[cyberlaboratories/cyberhubs](https://github.com/cyberlaboratories/cyberhubs)
platform. This platform provides JupyterHub/Docker based web
applications for analysing and exploring different types of
astronomical data, and to perform simulations and other research
activities in different application environments. Application hubs in
this system can be combined to create hubs with combined capabilities.

Docker images of the application hubs in this repository are available
in the [Cyberhubs docker image
repo](https://hub.docker.com/u/cyberhubs), ready to be deployed in the
[Cyberhubs](https://github.com/cyberlaboratories/cyberhubs)
framework. To deploy any of the application hubs in this repo, you
will need to clone the [Cyberhubs docker image
repo](https://hub.docker.com/u/cyberhubs) and follow the instructions
for installation and deployment. As part of that processes you would
either pull application hub images from the [Cyberhubs docker image
repo](https://hub.docker.com/u/cyberhubs) or built custom images based
on the source available in this repo.

If you have created your own application hub based on the templates in
this repo you may want to add it to this repo and the [Cyberhubs
docker image repo](https://hub.docker.com/u/cyberhubs). This can be
done via a fork and pull request to this repo. Likewise, suggestions
for improvements and bug fixes are welcome. If you think you found a
bug, please report it via an issue in this repo.

